I love it when you call me senorita
I wish I could pretend
I didn′t need ya
But every touch is oo la la la
It is true la la la
oo I should be running
oo you keep me coming for ya
Land in miami
The air was hot from summer rain
Sweat dripping off me
Before I even knew her name la la la
It felt like oo la la la
Yeah noo
Sapphire moonlight
We danced for hours in the sand
Tequila sunrise
Her body fit right in
your hands la la la
It felt like oo la la la yea
I love it when you call me senorita
I wish I could pretend
I didn′t need ya
But every touch is oo la la la
It is true la la la
oo I should be running
oo you know I love it when
you call me senorita
I wish it wasn′t so damn
hard to leave ya
But every touch is oo la la la
It is true la la la
oo I should be running
oo you keep me coming for ya
Locked in the hotel
There′s just somethings
that never change
You say that We are just friends
But friends don′t know the
way you taste la la la
Cause you know It is been
a long time coming
Don′t you let me fall
Ooh‚ when your lips undress me
Hooked on your tongue
Ooh love‚ your kiss is deadly
Don′t stop
I love it when you call me señorita
I wish I could pretend
I didn′t need ya
But every touch is oo la la la
It is true la la la
oo I should be running
oo you know I love it when
you call me senorita
I wish it wasn′t so damn
hard to leave ya
But every touch is oo la la la
It is true la la la
oo I should be running
oo you keep me coming for ya
All along I have been coming for ya
And I hope it meant something to ya
Call my name I will be coming for ya
Coming for ya‚ coming for
ya‚ coming for you
For ya (ooh she loves it when I come)
For ya
oo I should be running
oo you keep me coming for ya